#A novel assymetric chaotic encryption algorithm

This respositroy contains a novel chaos-based encryption algorithm for both images and text, addressing the increased need for secure and reliable encryption in today's digital age.  Although various chaos-based encryption algorithms exist and demonstrate the potential of chaos-based encryption, an asymmetric chaos-based encryption algorithm that encrypts both text and images is currently lacking. 
Previous research has demonstrated that chaos can be successfully used for encryption, however, a key part of the entire encryption process, the pseudorandom number generator, was often overlooked. For an encryption algorithm to be secure, the pseudorandom number generator used must be cryptographically secure. 
This encryption algorithm uses a Diffie Hellman key agreement protocol using the Chebyshev Polynomials.  This key agreement allows for the creation of 4 pseudorandom sequences which are then used to encrypt the input. If the input is text, I use a process originally used to compress files, to turn the text into an image. Afterwards, using the pseudorandom sequences, it changes, shifts, and shuffles rows and columns of the image pixels to get a new encrypted image. From here, the process can easily be reversed and decrypted. 
This algorithm proves resistant to chosen plaintext attacks, also known as CPA attacks, as the entire encryption process is randomized. 
The testing results demonstrate the fact that this algorithm is resistant to CPA attacks, performs better than other encryption algorithms of its kind and is overall quite secure. 
